add v6.5.12 release notes (#20347)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.5.12.md

    - Fix the issue that the `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY` setting does not take effect on statements in views [#53175](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53175) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - Fix the issue that querying partitioned tables using an `IN` condition containing a mismatched value type and a type conversion error leads to incorrect query results [#54746](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54746) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - Fix the issue that querying slow logs might fail when certain fields contain empty values [#58147](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58147) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
    - Fix the issue that the `RADIANS()` function computes values in an incorrect order [#57671](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57671) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
    - Fix the issue that the default value of the `BIT` column is incorrect [#57301](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57301) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

>     - Fix the issue that binding cannot be created for multi-table `DELETE` statements with aliases [#56726](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56726) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: dup with L68

---
title: TiDB 6.5.12 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the improvements and bug fixes in TiDB 6.5.12.
---

# TiDB 6.5.12 Release Notes

Release date: February xx, 2025

TiDB version: 6.5.12

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/production-deployment-using-tiup)

## Compatibility changes

- (dup): release-7.5.4.md > Compatibility changes - Set a default limit of 2048 for DDL historical tasks retrieved through the [TiDB HTTP API](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/release-7.5/docs/tidb_http_api.md) to prevent OOM issues caused by excessive historical tasks [#55711](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/55711) @[joccau](https://github.com/joccau)

> - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Compatibility changes - Add a new system variable [`tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/system-variables#tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed-new-in-v755) to limit the maximum speed of the ingest phase when adding indexes [#57156](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57156) @[CbcWestwolf](https://github.com/CbcWestwolf)

Author: ```suggestion
- (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Compatibility changes - Add a new system variable [`tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/system-variables#tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed-new-in-v6512) to limit the maximum speed of the ingest phase when adding indexes [#57156](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57156) @[CbcWestwolf](https://github.com/CbcWestwolf)
```

## Improvements

+ TiDB <!--tw@hfxsd: 1 note-->

>     - 增强了读时间戳的合法性检测 [#57786](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57786) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enhance the validity check for read timestamps [#57786](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57786) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)
```

+ TiKV

    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > Improvements> TiKV - Add the detection mechanism for invalid `max_ts` updates [#17916](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17916) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)

+ TiFlash

    - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Improvements> TiFlash - Improve the garbage collection speed of outdated data in the background for tables with clustered indexes [#9529](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9529) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR) <!--tw@qiancai: 2 notes-->

>         - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
>         - 对于全量恢复，添加了对目标集群是否是空集群的检查 [#35744](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/35744) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)
>         - 对于非全量恢复，添加了对目标集群是否存在同名表的检查 [#55087](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/55087) @[RidRisR](https://github.com/RidRisR)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Adds a check for whether the target cluster is an empty cluster for full restore [#35744](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/35744) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)
        - Adds a check for whether the target cluster contains a table with the same name for non-full restore [#55087](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/55087) @[RidRisR](https://github.com/RidRisR)
```

    - 修复了在 prepare 协议中客户端使用非 UTF8 相关字符集报错的问题 [#58870](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58870) @[xhebox](https://github.com/xhebox)
    - 修复了某些情况下查询临时表仍然会产生 TiKV 请求的问题 [#58875](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58875) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)
    - 修复了 ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY 设置对于视图中的语句不起作用的问题 [#53175](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53175) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - 修复了查询分区表时 `IN` 条件中的值类型不匹配时转换错误导致查询结果出错的问题 [#54746](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54746) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - 修复当某些项的值为空时，查询慢日志可能失败的问题 [#58147](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58147) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)
    - 修复 `RADIANS` 函数计算顺序错误的问题 [#57671](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57671) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
    - 修复 `BIT` 列默认值错误的问题 [#57301](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57301) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
    - 修复无法为带别名的多表删除进行 binding 的问题 [#56726](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56726) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei) <!--tw@hfxsd: the following 9 notes-->

>     - Fix the issue that an inline error might occur if a CTE contains ORDER BY, LIMIT, or SELECT DISTINCT clauses and is referenced by the recursive part of another CTE [#56603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56603) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that an inline error might occur if a CTE contains `ORDER BY`, `LIMIT`, or `SELECT DISTINCT` clauses and is referenced by the recursive part of another CTE [#56603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56603) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
```

>     - Fix the issue that timeout of statistics synchronization loading might not be handled correctly [#57710](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57710) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that timeout of loading statistics synchronically might not be handled correctly [#57710](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57710) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
```

>     - 修复如果 CTE 包含 orderby/limit/distinct 子句并且被另外一个 CTE 的 recursive part 引用时可以出现的 inline 错误 [#56603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56603) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
>     - 修复部分情况下统计信息同步加载超时处理不正确的问题 [#57710](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57710) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
>     - 修复在CTE中解析数据库名时，可能得到错误的数据库名的问题 [#54582](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54582) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
>     - 修复 TiDB 启动时由于非法 binding 数据可能导致 panic 的问题 [#58016](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58016) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
>     - 修复当代价估算在某些极端情况下估算出 INF/NaN 非法值的问题，以及该问题发生时 join reorder 可能结果出错的问题。 [#56704](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56704) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that an inline error might occur if a CTE contains ORDER BY, LIMIT, or SELECT DISTINCT clauses and is referenced by the recursive part of another CTE [#56603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56603) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
    - Fix the issue that statistical information synchronization loading timeout might not be handled correctly [#57710](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57710) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - 修复在CTE中解析数据库名时，可能得到错误的数据库名的问题 [#54582](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54582) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - 修复 TiDB 启动时由于非法 binding 数据可能导致 panic 的问题 [#58016](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58016) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
    - 修复当代价估算在某些极端情况下估算出 INF/NaN 非法值的问题，以及该问题发生时 join reorder 可能结果出错的问题。 [#56704](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56704) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)
```

    - 修复手动 load 统计信息时 null 可能导致加载失败的问题 [#53966](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53966) @[King-Dylan](https://github.com/King-Dylan)
    - 修复创建两个相同名称的视图而不报错的问题 [#58769](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58769) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)
    - 修复虚拟生成列依赖包含 ON UPDATE 属性的列时，更新行记录出现的数据索引不一致问题 [#56829](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56829) @[joechenrh](https://github.com/joechenrh)

>     - 修复系统表 INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLES 返回结果不正确的问题 [#57345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57345) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLES` system table returns incorrect results [#57345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57345) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)
```

    - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiKV might panic when executing queries containing `RADIANS()` or `DEGREES()` functions [#17852](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17852) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
    - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that merging Regions might cause TiKV to panic in rare cases [#17840](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17840) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
    - (dup): release-8.5.0.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that the leader could not be quickly elected after Region split [#17602](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17602) @[LykxSassinator](https://github.com/LykxSassinator)
    - (dup): release-8.5.1.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that encoding might fail when processing GBK/GB18030 encoded data [#17618](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17618) @[CbcWestwolf](https://github.com/CbcWestwolf)

+ PD <!--tw@qiancai: 6 notes-->

>     - 修复 TSO 分配时的内存泄漏问题 [#9004](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9004) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
>     - 修复设置 EnableTSOFollowerProxy 可能不生效的问题 [#8947](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8947) @[JmPotato](https://github.com/JmPotato)
>     - 修复一个潜在的 panic 问题 [#8915](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8915) @[bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies)
>     - 修复一个长时间运行集群中的内存泄漏问题 [#9047](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9047) @[bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies)
>     - 修复当某 PD 不是 leader 时，仍有可能生成 tso 的问题 [#9051](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9051) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
>     - 修复 PD leader 切换过程中 region syncer 不能及时退出的问题 [#9017](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9017) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that memory leaks might occur when allocating TSOs [#9004](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9004) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - Fix the issue that the `tidb_enable_tso_follower_proxy` system variable might not take effect [#8947](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8947) @[JmPotato](https://github.com/JmPotato)
    - Fix a potential issue that might cause PD to panic [#8915](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8915) @[bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies)
    - Fix the issue that memory leaks might occur in long-running clusters [#9047](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9047) @[bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies)
    - Fix the issue that a PD node might still generate TSOs even when it is not the Leader [#9051](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9051) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - Fix the issue that Region syncer might not exit in time during the PD Leader switch [#9017](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/9017) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
```

    - (dup): release-7.1.6.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that some JSON functions unsupported by TiFlash are pushed down to TiFlash [#9444](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9444) @[windtalker](https://github.com/windtalker)
    - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that the `SUBSTRING()` function returns incorrect results when the second parameter is negative [#9604](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9604) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that `LPAD()` and `RPAD()` functions return incorrect results in some cases [#9465](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9465) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - (dup): release-7.1.6.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that executing `DROP TABLE` on large tables might cause TiFlash OOM [#9437](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9437) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)

>     - 修复因获取 CPU 数量时出现零除错误而导致 TiFlash 启动失败的问题 [#9212](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9212) @[xzhangxian1008](https://github.com/xzhangxian1008)
>     - 修复在大量导入数据后，TiFlash 可能持续维持在较高内存占用的问题 [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9812) @[CalvinNeo](https://github.com/CalvinNeo)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash fails to start due to a division by zero error when retrieving CPU count [#9212](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9212) @[xzhangxian1008](https://github.com/xzhangxian1008)
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash might maintain high memory usage after importing large amounts of data [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9812) @[CalvinNeo](https://github.com/CalvinNeo)
```

        - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that log backups cannot resolve residual locks promptly, causing the checkpoint to fail to advance [#57134](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57134) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)
        - (dup): release-7.5.4.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that BR integration test cases are unstable, and add a new test case to simulate snapshot or log backup file corruption [#53835](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53835) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that logs might print out encrypted information [#57585](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57585) @[kennytm](https://github.com/kennytm)
        - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that PITR tasks might return the `Information schema is out of date` error when there are a large number of tables in the cluster but the actual data size is small [#57743](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57743) @[Tristan1900](https://github.com/Tristan1900)

>     + TiCDC
> 
>         - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that TiCDC might report an error when replicating a `TRUNCATE TABLE` DDL on a table without valid index [#11765](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11765) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

Author: ```suggestion
    + TiCDC <!--tw@qiancai: 7 notes-->
    
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC uses incorrect table names for filtering during `RENAME TABLE` operations [#11946](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11946) @[wk989898](https://github.com/wk989898)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC reports errors when replicating `default NULL` SQL statements via the Avro protocol [#11994](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11994) @[wk989898](https://github.com/wk989898)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC fails to properly connect to PD after PD scale-in [#12004](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/12004) @[lidezhu](https://github.com/lidezhu)
        - Fix the issue that Initial Scan is not canceled after the changefeed is stopped or deleted [#11638](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11638) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - Fix the issue that after the default value of a newly added column in the upstream is changed from `NOT NULL` to `NULL`, the default values of that column in the downstream are incorrect [#12037](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/12037) @[wk989898](https://github.com/wk989898)
        - Fix the issue that using the `--overwrite-checkpoint-ts` parameter in the `changefeed pause` command might cause the changefeed to be stuck [#12055](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/12055) @[hongyunyan](https://github.com/hongyunyan)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC might panic when replicating `CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS` or `CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS` statements [#11839](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11839) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - (dup): release-7.5.5.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that TiCDC might report an error when replicating a `TRUNCATE TABLE` DDL on a table without valid index [#11765](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11765) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
```

---
title: TiDB 6.5.12 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the improvements and bug fixes in TiDB 6.5.12.
---

# TiDB 6.5.12 Release Notes

Release date: February 27, 2025

TiDB version: 6.5.12

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/production-deployment-using-tiup)

## Compatibility changes

> - Set a default limit of 2048 for DDL historical tasks retrieved through the [TiDB HTTP API](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/release-7.5/docs/tidb_http_api.md) to prevent OOM issues caused by excessive historical tasks [#55711](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/55711) @[joccau](https://github.com/joccau)

Author: ```suggestion
- Set a default limit of 2048 for DDL historical tasks retrieved through the [TiDB HTTP API](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/release-6.5/docs/tidb_http_api.md) to prevent OOM issues caused by excessive historical tasks [#55711](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/55711) @[joccau](https://github.com/joccau)
```

    - Fix the issue that `INDEX_HASH_JOIN` might hang during an abnormal exit [#54055](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54055) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)
    - Fix the issue that two DDL Owners might exist at the same time [#54689](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54689) @[joccau](https://github.com/joccau)
    - Fix the issue that when querying the `information_schema.cluster_slow_query` table, if the time filter is not added, only the latest slow log file is queried [#56100](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56100) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)
    - Fix the issue that `duplicate entry` might occur when adding unique indexes [#56161](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56161) @[tangenta](https://github.com/tangenta)
    - Fix the issue that the error message is incorrect in certain type conversion errors [#41730](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/41730) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that the CTE defined in `VIEW` is incorrectly inlined [#56582](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56582) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)

>     - Fix the issue that if a CTE contains the `ORDER BY`, `LIMIT`, or `SELECT DISTINCT` clause and is referenced by the recursive part of another CTE, it might be incorrectly inlined and result in an execution error [#56603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56603) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     - Fix the issue that when parsing a database name in CTE, it returns a wrong database name [#54582](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54582) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - Fix the issue that in the Prepare protocol, an error occurs when the client uses a non-UTF8 character set [#58870](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58870) @[xhebox](https://github.com/xhebox)
    - Fix the issue that querying temporary tables might trigger unexpected TiKV requests in some cases [#58875](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58875) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)
    - Fix the issue that the `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY` setting does not take effect on statements in views [#53175](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53175) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - Fix the issue that querying partitioned tables using an `IN` condition containing a mismatched value type and a type conversion error leads to incorrect query results [#54746](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54746) @[mjonss](https://github.com/mjonss)
    - Fix the issue that querying slow logs might fail when certain fields contain empty values [#58147](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58147) @[yibin87](https://github.com/yibin87)

>     - Fix the issue that the `RADIANS` function computes values in an incorrect order [#57671](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57671) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `RADIANS()` function computes values in an incorrect order [#57671](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57671) @[gengliqi](https://github.com/gengliqi)
```

    - Fix the issue that binding cannot be created for multi-table `DELETE` statements with aliases [#56726](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56726) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei) <!--tw@hfxsd: the following 9 notes-->
    - Fix the issue that an inline error might occur if a CTE contains `ORDER BY`, `LIMIT`, or `SELECT DISTINCT` clauses and is referenced by the recursive part of another CTE [#56603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56603) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
    - Fix the issue that the timeout that occurs when loading statistics synchronically might not be handled correctly [#57710](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/57710) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that an incorrect database name might be returned when parsing the database name in a CTE [#54582](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54582) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that TiDB might panic during startup due to invalid data binding [#58016](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/58016) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

>     - Fix the issue that the cost estimation might return invalide values such as INF/NaN in certain extreme cases, and the join reorder results might be incorrect when this issue occurs [#56704](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56704) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that cost estimation might generate invalid INF/NaN values in certain extreme cases, which could lead to incorrect Join Reorder results [#56704](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/56704) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)
```

>     - Fix the issue that loading fails when the statistics file contains null values during loading statistics manually [#53966](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53966) @[King-Dylan](https://github.com/King-Dylan)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that loading statistics manually might fail when the statistics file contains null values [#53966](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53966) @[King-Dylan](https://github.com/King-Dylan)
```
